Public key linkage between FlowAuth and FlowAPI (#864)
Flowminder/FlowKit: docs/source/install.md

FlowAuth requires you to create at least one admin user by setting the `FLOWAUTH_ADMIN_USER` and `FLOWAUTH_ADMIN_PASSWORD` environment variables or providing them as secrets. You can combine these environment variables with the `INIT_DB` environment variable.

> You _must_ also provide three additional environment variables or secrets: `FLOWAUTH_FERNET_KEY`, `SECRET_KEY`, and `PRIVATE_JWT_SIGNING_KEY`. `FLOWAUTH_FERNET_KEY` is used to encrypt tokens while 'at rest' in the database, and decrypt them for use. `SECRET_KEY` is used to secure session, and CSRF protection cookies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You _must_ also provide three additional environment variables or secrets: `FLOWAUTH_FERNET_KEY`, `SECRET_KEY`, and `PRIVATE_JWT_SIGNING_KEY`. `FLOWAUTH_FERNET_KEY` is used to encrypt tokens while 'at rest' in the database, and decrypt them for use. `SECRET_KEY` is used to secure session and CSRF protection cookies.
```
(My understanding is the end of the sentence refers to "session [cookies] and CSRF protection cookies", so the comma after session is misleading?)

`PRIVATE_JWT_SIGNING_KEY` is used to sign the tokens generated by FlowAuth, which ensures that they can be trusted by FlowAPI. When deploying instances of FlowAPI, you will need to supply them with the corresponding _public_ key, to allow them to verify the tokens were produced by this instance of FlowAuth.

You can use `openssl` to generate a private key:

```bash
openssl genrsa -out flowauth-private-key.key 4096
```

And then create a public key from the key file (`openssl rsa -pubout -in flowauth-private-key.key -out flowapi-public-key.pub`), or download it from FlowAuth once started. Should you need to supply the key using environment variables, rather than secrets (not recommended), you should base64 encode the key (e.g. `base64 -i flowauth-private-key.key`). FlowAuth and FlowAPI will automatically decode base64 encoded keys for use.

> By default, `SECRET_KEY` will be set to `secret`. You should supply this to ensure a secure system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `SECRET_KEY` will be set to `secret`. You should supply a different value to ensure a secure system.
```

Reviewer: Is there a particular reason we have a default, rather than force the user to choose a value?

Author: Took this out - we don't actually have a default anymore!

FlowAuth requires you to create at least one admin user by setting the `FLOWAUTH_ADMIN_USER` and `FLOWAUTH_ADMIN_PASSWORD` environment variables or providing them as secrets. You can combine these environment variables with the `INIT_DB` environment variable.

You _must_ also provide three additional environment variables or secrets: `FLOWAUTH_FERNET_KEY`, `SECRET_KEY`, and `PRIVATE_JWT_SIGNING_KEY`. `FLOWAUTH_FERNET_KEY` is used to encrypt server secret keys, and tokens while 'at rest' in the database, and decrypt them for use. `SECRET_KEY` is used to secure session, and CSRF protection cookies.

`PRIVATE_JWT_SIGNING_KEY` is used to sign the tokens generated by FlowAuth, which ensures that they can be trusted by FlowAPI. When deploying instances of FlowAPI, you will need to supply them with the corresponding _public_ key, to allow them to verify the tokens were produced by this instance of FlowAuth.

You can use `openssl` to generate a private key:

```bash
openssl genrsa -out flowauth-private-key.key 4096
```

> And then create a public key from the key file (`openssl rsa -pubout -in  flowauth-private-key.key -out flowapi-public-key.pub`), or download it from FlowAuth once started. Should you need to supply the key using environment variables, rather than secrets (not recommended), you should base64 encode the key - FlowAuth and FlowAPI will automatically decode it for use. 

Reviewer: If it's easy to give an example command to show how to base64-encode the key this would be useful.

echo "admin" | docker secret create FLOWAUTH_ADMIN_USERNAME -
pip install cryptography && python -c "from cryptography.fernet import Fernet; print(Fernet.generate_key().decode())" | docker secret create FLOWAUTH_FERNET_KEY -

# Flowmachine
openssl rand -base64 16 | tr -cd '0-9-a-z-A-Z' | docker secret create FLOWMACHINE_FLOWDB_PASSWORD -
echo "flowmachine" | docker secret create FLOWMACHINE_FLOWDB_USER -
echo "flowapi" | docker secret create FLOWAPI_FLOWDB_USER -
openssl rand -base64 16 | tr -cd '0-9-a-z-A-Z' | docker secret create REDIS_PASSWORD -

# FlowDB
openssl rand -base64 16 | tr -cd '0-9-a-z-A-Z' | docker secret create FLOWAPI_FLOWDB_PASSWORD -
openssl rand -base64 16 | tr -cd '0-9-a-z-A-Z' | docker secret create FLOWDB_POSTGRES_PASSWORD -

# FlowAPI
openssl rsa -pubout -in  tokens-private-key.key -out tokens-public-key.pub
docker secret create PRIVATE_JWT_SIGNING_KEY tokens-private-key.key
docker secret create PUBLIC_JWT_SIGNING_KEY tokens-public-key.pub
echo "flowapi_server" | docker secret create FLOWAPI_IDENTIFIER -
openssl req -newkey rsa:4096 -days 3650 -nodes -x509 -subj "/CN=flow.api" \
    -extensions SAN \
    -config <( \

>         cat $(   ( [[ -e /System/Library/OpenSSL/openssl.cnf ]] && echo "/System/Library/OpenSSL/openssl.cnf" ) \

Reviewer: I agree it would be nicer to have these all on a single line. The reason I broke this up in a previous PR is because the docs page is fairly narrow, so the complete line isn't visible if it's too long, which I personally find irritating because you need to keep scrolling right and left if you want to follow the script. Would you be happy to keep these lines split so that they are fully readable in the docs without horizontal scrolling?

              || ( [[ -e /etc/ssl/openssl.cnf ]] && echo "/etc/ssl/openssl.cnf" ) \
              || ( [[ -e /etc/pki/tls/openssl.cnf ]] && echo "/etc/pki/tls/openssl.cnf" ) ) \
    <(printf "[SAN]\nsubjectAltName='DNS.1:localhost,DNS.2:flow.api'")) \
    -keyout cert.key -out cert.pem
if ! ( [ -e cert.key ] && [ -e cert.pem ] ); then
    echo "Generation of the SSL certificate failed."
    echo "Please the check the command (in particular the path to the openssl.cnf file) and try again."
    exit
fi
cat cert.key cert.pem > cert-flowkit.pem
docker secret create cert-flowkit.pem cert-flowkit.pem

# Deploy the stack

echo "Deploying stack"
docker stack deploy -docker-stack.yml secrets_test
```

> This will bring up a single node swarm, create random 16 character passwords for the database users, generate a certificate valid for the `flowkit.api` domain (and point that to `localhost` using `/etc/hosts`), pull all necessary containers, and bring up the API with a newly generated JWT signing key pair.

Reviewer: Isn't the statement "This will [...] bring up the API with a newly generated JWT signing key pair" a bit confusing, because the key pair isn't generated in the API but rather in FlowAuth?

done
if [ "$limit" -lt 0 ]; then
    echo "Not all services in the existing docker stack have been removed."
    echo "Please wait (or try to remove them manually) and run this script again."
    exit 1
fi

limit=30
until [ -z "$(docker network ls --filter label=com.docker.stack.namespace=secrets_test -q)" ] || [ "$limit" -lt 0 ]; do
  sleep 2
  limit="$((limit-1))"
done
if [ "$limit" -lt 0 ]; then
    echo "Not all networks in the existing docker stack have been removed."
    echo "Please wait (or try to remove them manually) and run this script again."
    exit 1
fi

# Remove existing secrets
echo "Removing existing secrets"

docker secret rm FLOWMACHINE_FLOWDB_PASSWORD || true
docker secret rm FLOWMACHINE_FLOWDB_USER || true
docker secret rm FLOWAPI_FLOWDB_PASSWORD || true
docker secret rm FLOWAPI_FLOWDB_USER || true

> docker secret rm FLOWDB_POSTGRES_PASSWORD || true

Reviewer: I'm definitely happy to rename `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` to `FLOWDB_POSTGRES_PASSWORD` (or `FLOWDB_ADMIN_PASSWORD` or similar), but I can't see any changes in the flowdb code that would reflect this renaming. Does it pick up the correct secret file? (Haven't tried it yet.)

Reviewer: Never mind, I assume the fact that `POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE` is set to the correct value will suffice.

Reviewer: I'm still a little confused around this though - it's a bit difficult to follow the various env vars and/or secrets being passed around via different names for the variables or secrets.

Also, it just occurred to me that the changelog mentions that `POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE` was renamed to `POSTGRE_PASSWORD`. So I assume something is broken somewhere?

Author: Ah it is - with the secrets in the Postgres image, the name of the secret is the name of a file, and you then set `POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE` to the path to that file. Iirc, we (I) had incorrectly interpreted this as 'you should call the secret `POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE`', and fixing that is what the changelog is alluding too.

Reviewer: Ah, I forgot/missed that this is (i) a thing that is already present in the Postgres docker image, so it won't show up in _our_ source code, and (ii) is they add the `_FILE` suffix to the env var name via a generic function in their `docker-entrypoint.sh` script, so you can't even search for `POSTGRES_PASSWORD_FILE` in their docker setup. 😂
